NO-SNOW: Release v1.38.0 mergeback (#3740)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

> - Improve import error message by adding '--upgrade' to 'pip install "snowflake-snowpark-python[modin]"' in the error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve import error message by adding `--upgrade` to `pip install "snowflake-snowpark-python[modin]"` in the error message.
```
